ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
horror mine where we talk about
mysteries thrillers and horror movies my
name is vic shy and this week my friends
we're going over the newly released film
in the halloween franchise halloween
kills this movie picks up right after
the events of 2018's halloween with
michael myers having survived the fire
intended to kill him by lori strode
michael continues his halloween night
massacre in brutal and bloody fashion
however this time the citizens of
haddonfield band together to hunt down
and kill the boogeyman once and for all
i'll be explaining the events that take
place throughout the film as well as
that shocking ending and what it means
for halloween ends scheduled to be
released this time next year keep in
mind that i'll be discussing my opinions
and interpretations of the film which
may heavily differ from yours and i'd
love to discuss your thoughts on the
film in the comments down below this
video will contain spoilers for
halloween kills which is currently
playing in theaters and streaming on
peacock if you enjoy this video make
sure to click the like button as it
really helps the channel and i would
truly appreciate it but without further
ado sit back and relax and join me as we
explore this bloody tale of pure evil
and halloween kills our movie begins
with cameron who's coming fresh off of
cheating on alison and trying to call
his best friend oscar who unbeknownst to
him is now a halloween decoration for
someone's front yard he discovers the
body of deputy frank hawkins who is
still alive after being stabbed in the
neck by discount dr loomis in the
previous film we see a flashback from
halloween night 1978 which shows what
took place immediately after the events
of the original halloween this entire
sequence is filmed to look and feel
identical to the 1978 film right down to
michael myers's original look which i
thought was very cool a young deputy
hawkins and his partner go looking for
michael at his childhood home and come
across the dead dog previously found by
dr loomis and sheriff brackett that was
never actually shown michael gets the
upper hand on the conveniently
distracted deputy and begins choking him
with a rope frank fires a shot from his
revolver which is deflected by michael
myers plot armor and lands right into
his partner's neck dr loomis arrives at
the residence and michael myers is taken
into custody back in the present day we
are introduced to several characters
played by their original actors from the
original film tommy doyle who was
babysat by laurie lindsey wallace
babysat by annie brackett and marion
chambers the nurse who was carjacked by
michael the night he escaped lonnie elam
cameron's father and who bullied tommy
as a kid also makes a return but is
portrayed by a different actor they get
together at a bar each halloween to
support one another through the trauma
that they and the entire town of
hattonfield experienced we see that the
events that took place in 1978 still
haunt the citizens of haddenfield
michael myers has left a black mark that
still looms over the town and its
residents to this day we will never
succumb to fear this is for you lori
we then see the injured lori strode
accompanied by karen and alison being
driven away from laurie's burning house
right after the events of the previous
film several fire trucks are seen
heading toward her burning house and
laurie yells at them too
let it burn yeah i don't think that's in
their job description lori while
attempting to extinguish the fire
michael myers emerges from the burning
house looking menacing as hell to their
credit the firefighters immediately try
to put up a fight but are all brutally
murdered laurie is rushed to the
hospital and immediately goes into
surgery for the stab when she sustained
former sheriff bracket annie's father is
now working as a security guard for the
hospital allison and karen embrace each
other and are mourning the loss of rey
karen's husband who was killed by
michael speaking of michael he viciously
murders a poor old couple who were just
trying to enjoy their halloween night
and fly their drone if we take a look at
his hand we can see that michael did a
pretty good job patching it up back at
the bar we meet married couple marcus
and vanessa who introduced themselves to
tommy a news broadcast reveals the
murder spree that took place and that
they were all unaware of we see the
little boy julian recounting his
babysitter's murder and that michael
myers and another patient from the
transport bus are still at large tommy
is certain that michael is responsible
and vanessa believes that he is inside
her car tommy grabs a bat named old
huckleberry off the wall and he isn't
letting anyone smash his pumpkin this
halloween he confronts the person inside
who proceeds to drive off and
immediately crashes the car unbeknownst
to them it was actually the other
patient from the transport bus vanessa
opens up a white umbrella just like the
one the patient was holding in the very
first scene of the previous film now
living in the old myers house is a
couple that literally call themselves
big john and little john they get
pranked by a couple of kids one of them
wearing a skeleton silver shamrock mask
from halloween 3 season of the witch we
also see the witch and pumpkin mask in a
later scene back in the hospital allison
sees the injured deputy hawkins as well
as the dead body of dr sartain she and
karen recount their encounter with
michael myers to the police and are told
that he is still alive
michael myers is alive
cameron shows up at the hospital and
tells them that tommy doyle and his dad
are gathering a group of people to hunt
down and kill michael for good karen
believes michael is after lori and on
his way to the hospital she believes
that they should stay at the hospital to
protect laurie but alison joins tommy
against her wish
tonight we hunt him down
tommy recruits a large number of
citizens who then split up in groups to
go search for michael lindsay teams up
with marion vanessa and marcus who was
handed a freaking desert eagle for some
reason i've never fired a gun before
right so i don't even know what he gave
you a gun
you probably should have said something
about that before
marion says that initially no one took
dr loomis seriously about how dangerous
and evil michael was which is
interesting to see as she was the very
first character to try and humanize
michael in the original film they come
across michael at a playground and it
pretty much goes exactly like you'd
expect michael climbs on top of the car
just like he did in the original and
proceeds to stab marion and marcus to
death vanessa manages to climb out of
the car window and doesn't begin
shooting at michael until after he's
murdered her husband which leads to this
lindsay smacks michael's head a couple
times with a trick-or-treat bag filled
with rocks and almost takes off his mask
he throws her to the ground in response
which allows her to take off running as
seen in the original film taking off
michael's mask seems to briefly
incapacitate him which would explain his
urgency to keep it on halfway into the
film lori finally wakes up in the
hospital believing that she has defeated
michael myers not wanting to burst her
bubble of joy karen doesn't tell laurie
that michael is still alive deputy
hawkins is brought into laurie's
hospital room and the two share a sweet
moment where it is revealed that they
both had feelings for each other lori's
trauma from michael caused her to shut
herself off from the world and the love
flower never blossomed i really enjoyed
these small moments between characters
talking about their history which really
helped with the world building they
referenced ben tramer who was supposed
to go to a high school dance with lori
after halloween lonnie also talks about
the times he got high with alison's dad
which was mentioned during a dinner in
the previous film lindsay is discovered
by tommy and brought to the hospital
where it is total chaos from citizens
freaking out and looking for their
family members sheriff barker does his
best to control the situation but tommy
incites the crowd who are all fueled by
their fear and hatred towards michael
myers tommy vows to laurie that he is
going to kill michael and protect her
just like she did for him 40 years ago
even though she is recovering from
surgery laurie refuses to stand by while
michael is roaming free
do you even know what that is it's a
stim shot and they apparently work just
as advertised
the other escaped patient arrives at the
hospital seeking help but is tragically
mistaken for michael myers himself by
tommy and the enraged mob who all
blindly begin chasing after him laurie
and karen attempt to tell them that they
are chasing the wrong person but their
attempts are futile laurie's wounds open
back up in the chaos and she is forced
to retreat back to her hospital room all
hell has broken loose and sheriff barker
and his deputies are unable to defuse
the chaos laurie blames herself
believing that michael's influence on
hatton field is her fault deputy hawkins
reveals to laurie that on the night
michael was captured he stopped dr
loomis from shooting him in the back of
the head this is something that he
briefly hinted at in a conversation with
dr sartain in the previous film i'm not
gonna stand in the way of justice this
time remember his property of the state
he mustn't be harmed despite all he had
done he still viewed michael as a human
being but now realizes that michael is
pure evil despite karen's attempt to
protect him the mob surround the
terrified patient who tragically jumps
out of the window to a gruesome death
the fear and hatred that turned the
citizens into a mob caused the death of
an innocent man
now he's turning us into monsters
michael returns to his childhood home
and unfortunately kills big jon and
little john laurie believes that michael
is still coming after her but deputy
hawkins states that he never truly was
he reveals that it was dr sartain who
initially led michael to laurie's
compound sartain was obsessed with
finding out what drove and motivated
michael to kill he believed that
michael's pursuit of lori kept him alive
and vice versa it is my belief that
michael's encounters with lori have been
strictly predatorial in nature as
opposed to emotionally driven there are
only three things that seem to elicit an
emotional response from michael his mask
his childhood home and his sister judith
myers in the original film the first
thing michael does after escaping smith
grove is head to his childhood home this
is where he first encounters laurie
strode who went to the myers house to
drop off a key michael then became
fakesated on lori possibly because she
reminded him of judith after being shot
multiple times by dr loomis he again
retreats to his childhood home before
being captured in 2018's halloween
michael doesn't come into contact with
laurie until he is prompted to do so by
dr sartain in this film instead of going
after laurie at the hospital like he did
in halloween 2 he heads straight for his
childhood home as hawkins states michael
is still the six-year-old kid that
murdered his sister in the body of a man
and is driven purely by animal and
predatorial instinct however for lori
everything about her encounter with
michael myers became personal this
trauma would shape the way she would
live out the rest of her life with fear
and hatred which has now spread to the
rest of the citizens of haddenfield
lonnie allison and cameron arrive at the
myers house but lonnie decides that he's
going to enter into a solos match it
goes just like we all expected and
cameron finds his father's dead body
neatly stuffed into the attic before
being attacked by michael allison
believes that a shotgun only works if
it's exactly two inches away from the
target and gets it slapped out of her
hands she surprisingly gets a few good
stabs in before being thrown down the
flight of stairs and breaks her knee
michael then mercilessly kills cameron
before focusing his attention to allison
he is then suddenly stabbed from behind
with a pitchfork by karen who then
stomps on his head instead of going for
the final blow she takes off his mask
and uses it as bait to lure him into an
ambush
[Music]
michael is now surrounded by the mob and
security officer bracket delivers his
famous line from the original film it's
halloween
everyone's entitled to one good scare as
the awesome beat drops michael puts on
his mask and prepares for an all-out
brawl he gets beat stabbed and shot
several times taking about as much
damage as the sandbag from super smash
brothers
karen delivers the final blow by
stabbing michael straight through the
back of his plot armor in the hospital
lori tells hawkins that michael is no
human as he is impossible to defeat with
brute force she says that the more he
kills the more he transcends into an
unkillable and immortal being she
proceeds to jinx everybody as michael
suddenly gets up and mows down the
entire mob he then bashes tommy doyle's
head in with old huckleberry back at the
myers house karen briefly sees the image
of young michael myers in his original
halloween clown outfit staring out of
his sister's bedroom window karen goes
to look out of the window possibly
hoping to gain some type of insight on
michael he suddenly appears right behind
her and stabs her to death exactly 9
times just like he did his sister in the
film's final scene karen's lifeless and
bloody body lies on the ground as
michael looks at his own reflection in
the window lori can be seen with an
intense look on her face possibly
sensing that something is terribly wrong
the final shot of michael myers and
laurie strode sets them on an
irreversible path for their final
showdown as the movie ends so what does
the ending mean for michael myers and
lori strode heading into halloween ends
the ending establishes that michael
myers is without a doubt a supernatural
entity no normal human being could have
taken the amount of damage and abuse
that michael has and live the film
attempts to explain this with its own
reasoning that michael is simply not
human and is the embodiment of evil
itself the more he kills the more he
transcends into supernatural immortal
territory that would also appear to be
the film's sole justification as to how
he reappeared inside of his house
without being noticed by the dozens of
people outside either that or harry must
have left this cloak of invisibility
laying around as silly as that may sound
to some viewers this is something that
was introduced in the original film
michael was shot multiple times by dr
loomis lived and somehow managed to
disappear within seconds of falling off
the balcony as for michael's motives the
film attempts to establish michael as
being the six-year-old kid that murdered
his sister in the body of a man who is
driven purely by animal and predatorial
instinct it was never personal for
michael as he never intentionally set
out to hunt for lori strode as i
previously mentioned there are only
three things that seem to get an
emotional response from michael his mask
his childhood home and his sister judith
myers all three of which were utilized
by karen to lure michael into the ambush
she compared herself to judith myers
took off his mask and then returned to
his childhood home these were the events
that led directly to her death as
michael probably envisioned killing
judith as he was stabbing karen which is
supported by the fact that they were
both stabbed exactly nine times and yes
i counted but being that he actually
murdered laurie's daughter we will get
to see what happens when an unstoppable
force meets an immovable object when
halloween ends releases this time next
year and that ladies and gentlemen was
halloween kills i honestly have very
mixed feelings about this film while the
film succeeded on delivering the bloody
kills and action we've come to expect
from a halloween film i feel that it was
bogged down by a huge amount of dumb
character decisions from the very
beginning of the film right up to its
ending while i don't expect any one
character to be perfect it just felt
like most of the dumb character choices
were made for the sole purpose of
sacrificing bodies to michael laurie
strode was obviously sidelined through
most of the film to give her a more
realistic break in action in preparation
for her final showdown with myers and
halloween ends while the film does
suffer from being the middle child in a
trilogy it was still a great time at the
movie theater and does a good job in
setting up what will undeniably be an
epic and bloody conclusion to this
modern halloween trilogy with all this
in mind i highly recommend you check out
halloween kills for yourselves and form
your own opinion but as always i hope
you all enjoyed the video and if you did
make sure to like and subscribe for
weekly ending explained videos thank you
all for tuning in and i cannot wait to
see y'all right back here in the horror
mine y'all stick around